Add agent framework/throttling/hidden model/OS assistant and update conversational search documentation (#6354)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/memory-apis/create-memory.md

---
layout: default
title: Create or update memory
parent: Memory APIs
grand_parent: ML Commons APIs
nav_order: 10
---

# Create or update a memory
**Introduced 2.12**
{: .label .label-purple }

> Creates or updates a conversational memory for [conversational search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/conversational-search/). A memory keeps conversation history for the current conversation.

Author: ```suggestion
Use this API to create or update a conversational memory for [conversational search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/conversational-search/). A memory stores conversation history for the current conversation.
```
